What?
South Korea can win.
Hahahaha, he said South Korea can win.
Ha ha ha ha ha
Monster, you want to save me?
How can South Korea win?
Aren't you not giving me silver flowers?
Haha, that's it, haha, I don't just feel that the Korean team can win.
And I even think South Korea can score two goals.
You can score two goals.
He said he could score two goals.
Hey, okay.
If South Korea can score two goals
I immediately released him.
And the money he owes me doesn't need to be paid.
Hahaha, Daji Tiger
But if you lose...
Don't blame me for stealing your Qin family's property.
Tiger, don't worry.
I'm always willing to bet.
It's fun, even if you lose.
My friend's friend also delivered it.
Hey.
I don't understand the ball.
But I also know Germany is a strong team.
South Korea is not even second class.
How to win against Germany?
You are impulsive this time, don't worry.
I said if South Korea can win, it can win.
Why is Master Qin so confident?
How is that possible?